February 2, 2015 

Mr. ChangHoon Hahn
Center for Cosmology and Particle Physics
New York University
4 Washington Place
New York, NY 10003


Title: PRIMUS: Galaxy Environment on the Quiescent Fraction Evolution at z < 0.8

Dear Mr. Hahn,

I have received the referee's report on your above submission to The Astrophysical Journal, and appended it below. As you will see, the referee thinks that your article is interesting and that it will merit publication once you have addressed the issues raised in the report.

When you resubmit the manuscript, please include a detailed cover letter containing the (mandatory) listing of the changes you've made to the text and your responses to the report.

Click the link below to upload your revised manuscript; 
http://apj.msubmit.net/cgi-bin/main.plex?el=A6Ew1TL6A3CfGS1J7A9ftdhSCRuGAD5aB2tFkIbuQxBwZ
Alternatively, you may also log into your account at the EJ Press web site, http://apj.msubmit.net. Please use your user's login name: chahah. You can then ask for a new password via the Unknown/Forgotten Password link if you have forgotten your password. 

Reviewers find it helpful if the changes in the text of the manuscript are easily distinguishable from the rest of the text. Therefore we ask you to print changes in bold face. The highlighting can be removed easily after the review.

The Astrophysical Journal has adopted a new policy that manuscript files become inactive, and are considered to have been withdrawn, six months after the most recent referee's report goes to the authors, provided a revised version has not been received by that time.

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.

Sincerely,
Lee Armus
ApJ Scientific Editor
California Institute of Technology
apjla@ipac.caltech.edu
---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Referee Report 
Reviewer's Comments:
Report on 'PRIMUS: Galaxy Environment on the Quiescent Fraction
Evolution at z < 0.8' by Hahn et al.

The authors have used the large PRIMUS redshift survey to
determine the quiescent fraction as a function of environment,
mass and redshift, with SDSS used for the lowest redshift
bin. This is topical as it pertains to discussions of how
galaxies become quiescent - often called quenching. This study is
new in that it utilizes the largest redshift survey over the
range 0.2 < z < 0.8. Having said that, the drawback of this
particular survey is that the cosmological redshift uncertainties
are significantly larger than one would expect from peculiar
velocities because of the low-dispersion spectra used. This
increases the noise and systematic uncertainties in quantifying
environments. Overall the paper is sufficiently clear and
original to warrant publication. I would recommend some further
investigation into the environment measures and whether this
might introduce some systematic trends, as well as some minor
changes.

Major comments:

The environmental measures make use of long cylinders, with the
length along the redshift direction. The height is noted as being
35 Mpc. This may actually be +-35 Mpc. At z=0.7, an average
redshift uncertainty of 0.005*(1+0.7) corresponds to 25 Mpc. The
half height of the cylinder then corresponds to 1.4 sigma (or
only 0.7 sigma if the cylinder is +- 17.5 Mpc). The authors
should investigate whether the uncertainties of the PRIMUS
redshifts vary as a function of redshift, and whether the
uncertainties depend on galaxy type (star forming or
quiescent). This potentially affects the quiescent fraction as a
function of environment as certain types of galaxies might be
more likely to be scattered out of higher density environments.



Even though the lowest masses are generally not discussed in the
paper, there is a concern that the galaxies at 10^9.5 and 10^10
solar masses show little dependence on environment in the PRIMUS
sample, especially over redshifts 0.2-0.4. Other authors have
shown that the environmental dependence is getting larger below
10^10.5. The SDSS data cutoff at 10^10.4 in Figure 4. The authors
could look at a 0.02 to 0.05 redshift sample to test whether the
SDSS trend continues and shows quite a different trend to the
PRIMUS 0.2-0.4 sample as suggested by the high-density
environment data presented in Figure 4. One would not expect a
big change in behaviour between z=0 and z=0.3, and one
explanation for the difference could be the redshift
uncertainties in PRIMUS and how they depend on galaxy
type. Noting that the SDSS uncertainties that have been
artificially included are 0.005 in 1+z with a Gaussian
distribution, which is unlikely to have exactly the same form as
the PRIMUS redshift uncertainties.

Note on above, I think it is fine for this paper to focus on
fiducial points of 10^10.5 and 10^11 solar masses, it is just
that looking to lower masses may indicate a problem with the
methodology.

Minor comments:

- Last sentence of abstract: 'However' is the wrong joining term; 'In other words' would be more appropriate.
‘However’ has been changed to ‘In other words’.


- Section 2.1: How does iSEDFIT deal with dust obscuration? How successful might it be? A couple or more sentences on this would be useful.
We now include details of how iSEDfit deals with dust obscuration. iSEDfit uses time dependent dust attenuation curve of Charlot & Fall (2000). Further details on the effects of prior parameter choices of iSEDfit on galactic properties are discussed in the Appendix of Moustakas et al. (2013). 

- Section 2.3: GALEX does not provide redshifts. When referring to redshifts, they should not be called SDSS-GALEX redshifts. It is only an SDSS-GALEX sample.
We now specify that the redshifts from the SDSS-GALEX sample are SDSS redshifts. 


- Section 2.5: State whether 35 Mpc is half height or full height of cylinder. I presume these are comoving Mpc, state this.
We now specify that H_ap represents the full height of the cylinder and that the aperture dimensions are comoving distances. 


- There is perhaps surprisingly no evolution in M_{r,lim}. Has there been an evolution correction applied for M_r?
No there has not been any evolution correction applied to the absolute magnitude values. 


- N_{env}. Can this have a value between 0 and 1? I would have thought all the weights would be >=1. Therefore better to state the low-density environment as n_{env} = 0.
No, n_{env} cannot have a value between 0 and 1. We have now clarified our low-density environment cut-off to n_{env} = 0 throughout the text and in all the figures.

- Section 2.6: Why does this need to use random points? Why not a finely spaced regular grid in RA and DEC?

- End of page 9: missing text after $\sim0.3$ to $\sim0.7$ [for high density].
We have now included the missing text. 

- Page 12 and elsewhere: The caveat that PRIMUS has more galaxies, and therefore better statistics than zCOSMOS is that the environmental measures are possibly significantly less reliable because of redshift uncertainties. I think this should be pointed out a couple of more times than is done currently within the text. There is also the issue of overall redshift completeness (targeting and redshift success combined), how does PRIMUS compare with zCOSMOS in this regard? 


- Section 5, item 3: Note the mass range over which the results are valid.
We now specify the mass range (10^10.5-10^11.0 M_sun) where the results are valid. 